Tom Stansfield had one eye on a
promotion something wrong with the
coffee it's a little bitter
are you getting it sir I'm gonna have to
let you go on the boss's daughter give
any plans tonight I'm wide open at my
dad's house by 6:00 sure but just when
he thought he was in for a big date this
is your chance to feel good I feel like
I'm gonna throw up
well that's good I want you to use that
okay you got a big surprise how could he
be so excited about house-sitting he's a
nice guy
Oh sir this is the party you're not
staying here
this is like the murder no OJ Simpson
shows these times throw just one the
other is inserted anything happens to
this house while I'm gone okay
[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]
she's got cancer feel anything I was
just checking these girls for breast
cancer
[Music]
[Applause]
my boss's daughter maybe you and I never
are gonna work and that hurts but not as
much as watching you be controlled by a
ruthless tyrant they would sell his own
mother if he thought it'd help him get
it Tom